feat(elastic explorer): adding documentation for cognizone elastic ex… (#11)
cognizone/ng-cognizone: apps/docs/docs/libraries/elastic-explorer/user-guide/installation.md

> ---
> id: "Installation"
> title: "Installation"
> sidebar_label: "Installation"
> sidebar_position: 1
> custom_edit_url: null
> ---
> 
> Here are the instructions to install this application as a chrome extension -
> - Unzip the latest released zip (<a download target="\_blank" href="/elastic-explorer/elastic-explorer-chrome-extension.zip">Download ZIP</a>)
> - Go to `chrome://extensions/` on your browser
> - Enable the developer mode at the top right
> - Click on "Load unpacked" button or directly drag&drop the unzipped folder on the page.
> - There should be a new extension in your toolbar with the Cognizone logo. This can also be viewed in the extension list. 
> - Clicking on it should open a new tab with the Cognizone elastic explorer.
> 
> ## New release
> - When a new version of elastic explorer is released,
>   the domain of the extension might change. In this case, there will be a need to reset the "protocol handling" of the extension to be able to click on web+czee links that are used for sharing. 
>   To do so, the current entry of the `web+czee` handler must be removed from `chrome://settings/handlers?search=protocol`.
> 
>   [![chromeRemoval](/elastic-explorer/img/webRemoval.png)](/elastic-explorer/img/webRemoval.png)
> 
>   Once it has been successfully removed, you can head back to the explorer, where you will be prompted to let the extension handle `web+czee` by clicking on the icon as shown below.
>   
>   [![allow](/elastic-explorer/img/allow.png)](/elastic-explorer/img/allow.png)
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
id: 'Installation'
title: 'Installation'
sidebar_label: 'Installation'
sidebar_position: 1
custom_edit_url: null
---

Here are the instructions to install this application as a chrome extension -

- Unzip the latest released zip the can be found (for now) in the dedicated Slack channel.
- Go to `chrome://extensions/` on your browser (or equivalent in other chrome-bases browsers)
- Enable the developer mode at the top right
- Click on "Load unpacked" button or directly drag&drop the unzipped folder on the page.
- There should be a new extension in your toolbar with the Cognizone logo. This can also be viewed in the extension list.
- Clicking on it should open a new tab with the Cognizone elastic explorer.

## Enabling protocol-handling

This needs to be done at least on first install, and usually on extension update, since the domain of the extension might change. In this case, there will be a need to reset the "protocol handling" of the extension to be able to click on web+czee links that are used for sharing. Here are the steps:

- the current entry of the `web+czee` handler must be removed from `chrome://settings/handlers?search=protocol` (this can be ignored for brand new installations).

  [![chromeRemoval](/elastic-explorer/img/webRemoval.png)](/elastic-explorer/img/webRemoval.png)

- Open a new tab of the extension, and you will be prompted to let the extension handle `web+czee` by clicking on the icon as shown below.

  [![allow](/elastic-explorer/img/allow.png)](/elastic-explorer/img/allow.png)

```
